with the proliferation of Internet
connected devices we are bombarded by an
increase in harmful radiation since this
is a cumulative we need to reduce our
exposure by every possible means take a
look at this product which may help you
do exactly what you need you came here
for the truth I was in search of a
product that would prevent the cell
phone radiation from hitting my body
I've been doing research on that for a
few years now and struggled with it I
ultimately had given up but more
recently I had begun a new search
I'm interested in this because of such a
proliferation in the amount of internet
connected devices that are around us
we're always exposed to Wi-Fi we're
always exposed to the cell phone towers
and it has become a problem we've seen
the rise in cancer we've seen so many
different diseases popping up look at
this report from the World Health
Organization where it talks about the
fact that
people who are exposed to these
radiation emitting devices and
Technologies are in fact more likely to
get cancer doesn't necessarily prove it
but as far as I'm concerned it's more
than enough evidence
that I need in order to decide to get
smarter about it so I did a search I
went all over the Internet and you'll
find a whole bunch of different products
which are let's say a little
questionable most of them make a lot of
claims but they don't have any real
evidence to back it up so they have all
these different stickers that you put on
your cell phone and they have a lot of
different devices but I wanted one that
was provable I wanted that or else it
just wasn't worth my money so I went
ahead and found a product called safe
sleeve and I believe this is a good
product not just because it had great
reviews online but because of one extra
thing and I'll show you that in a moment
but they make cases for all different
types of phones they have them for the
laptops because of course if you
actually use your laptop on your lap
you're getting a lot of exposure and
we've seen the rise in infertility that
is a fact so we need to do what we can
and this happens to be one product but
why is this product different than the
rest well let me show you this in this
case here
this is for the iPhone 7 plus so this
here is looks on the outside like a
pretty standard case
not much to it so this happened through
the Black Version which I have and it
has sort of a soft texture on the
outside as I said pretty standard what's
different about it is this
FCC certified lab testing
that's the key I have never seen another
product that does this
when you look at the FCC certification
it basically goes through a whole report
in exactly what it does to protect you
so if we go into that exact report and I
scroll down I mean it's quite a long
report tells you exactly how they did
the testing it shows you the pictures of
the equipment it shows you everything
this right here
tested the high frequency measurements
finding a 99 plus percent reduction in
all of these different frequency bands
and that right there to me is very
significant
because just by using this one product
you can limit your exposure now is it
the be all end-all perhaps not we have
to do a whole bunch of different things
to reduce our exposure but look if
you're already buying a case for your
phone or your laptop or anything else
you might as well get one that's going
to add protection why not
and that's just the way I look at it for
already buying products
why not get one that will protect the
phone in one and also will do a good job
at reducing the radiation exposure
that's the way I look at it so when you
look at this
is how it looks in the different view
you can use it as an adjustable stand it
also has the RFID protective wallet so
it is very very easy for an individual
to just walk by your phone or your
wallet and be able to take information
from it
this here has this RFID blocker built in
it so we know that our information is
going to be safe as well I think that's
good because it is a two in one so
you're getting a lot of features within
this one product I think that's
very interesting to say the least
let's go in where I will zoom in to this
phone and I'll show you exactly how it
looks in real time here
what I want to mention to you is that as
I'm searching for this product
I said to myself
I will contact safe sleeve and I'll see
if they can send me one and I can do a
review of it and I'll see how I like it
and my Impressions here over the past
few days as I've used this has been very
good now I'm going based on the FCC
certified lab testing to say that this
is actually doing what it says it does
but in terms of the actual usage of it
it's been great so I can say that
I can look at the lab test and see that
yes in fact it has reduced the radiation
there's no problem there but in the
actual usability of it I think it has
been great so let's take a look right
now as we get into the um
focusing on this particular product
this is what the case looks like from
the outside if I open it up here it is
it's relatively thin
comparable to other cases here is the
inside you can see it from this angle
here as well
and it has the RFID wallet right here
you can see radiation protection on the
inside has a little area to put some
extra things in there
I'll just show you the back
as the cutout for your cell phone there
so after I received the item started to
use it for a few days they sent me this
and that is a 15 discount for anybody
that uses the link that I'll give so
they're offering free shipping they're
offering a 15 discount on their products
so if you decide that this is something
that you want make sure that you're
clicking on the link they will give me a
few bucks as well which is great at the
same time you get 15 off your order so
it's a win-win situation now I'm giving
this an honest review I am essentially
taking this for
the FCC certification as well as the
fact that I believe that this has been a
great case seems like it's a very
protective it has a metal lining on the
inside of it which is great which is
good for not only the radiation but also
protecting the the device as well so
once again if you're interested make
sure to click the link in the
description
if you are looking to reduce your
exposure to radiation there's a few
simple steps that you need to take
get a cell phone radiation blocker like
a safe sleeve that's important
when you use your phone
you want to use a headset or
speakerphone when you're actually
speaking on the phone if you're using
the safe sleeve when you put the phone
up to your head it has that blockage
there but it's always a good measure to
use a headset anyway
another option is to turn your Wi-Fi off
at night I think this is so critical and
something that people should do you're
not using the internet at nighttime
while you're sleeping so you can get a
very simple switch that's automated you
can just simply hit the power bar you
can get a WeMo type switch if you're
interested in that there are all
different ways to be able to do this and
I think it's very very easy and
something that people just they know
they should do it but they don't and I
think that's important I put my phone in
airplane mode at night regardless but
having the safe sleeve is going to
protect from all different types of
radiation not just these Wi-Fi and cell
signals every electronic device is
always emitting in radiation we need to
do what we can to reduce that exposure
that's my review of this product I'm
definitely giving it a thumbs up I think
it's great and it is just one of many
things that we need to do because of
course the uptick in cancer the uptick
in all of these
very unfortunate diseases that are being
seen we need to take these small steps
in order to try and mitigate all of the
unfortunate consequences